# ProductVariation

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**product_name** | **string** | Identifier of a product, is mandatory and may consist of a maximum of 50 characters. | 
**sku** | **string** | Identifier for a product variation, provided by the partner, must be unique for a partner. It is mandatory and may consist of a maximum of 50 characters. | 
**ean** | **string** | External identifier of a product, must be unique in a partner assortment, must not start with a 2. | 
**gtin** | **string** | Global Trade Item Number, formerly known as EAN. | [optional] 
**isbn** | **string** | International Standard Book Number, internationally used for identifying media artifacts, like books. | [optional] 
**upc** | **string** | Universal Product Code. | [optional] 
**pzn** | **string** | Pharmazentralnummer, a german standard for identifying pharmaceutical products. | [optional] 
**mpn** | **string** | Manufacturer part number, may consist of a maximum of 50 characters. | [optional] 
**moin** | **string** | My Otto Identification Number. The market place ID of the product, is generated by the marketplace and returned to the partner, when product is created on the market place. | [optional] 
**offering_start_date** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | Date to which the product can be ordered. | [optional] 
**release_date** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | Date to which the product is published. | [optional] 
**max_order_quantity** | **int** | The maximum allowed order quantity for the customer. | [optional] 
**product_description** | [**\EzzeSiftuz\ProductsV1\Model\ProductDescription**](ProductDescription.md) |  | [optional] 
**media_assets** | [**\EzzeSiftuz\ProductsV1\Model\MediaAsset[]**](MediaAsset.md) |  | [optional] 
**delivery** | [**\EzzeSiftuz\ProductsV1\Model\Delivery**](Delivery.md) |  | 
**pricing** | [**\EzzeSiftuz\ProductsV1\Model\Pricing**](Pricing.md) |  | [optional] 
**logistics** | [**\EzzeSiftuz\ProductsV1\Model\Logistics**](Logistics.md) |  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)

